info@tireexpressandautoservice.com

The importance of your brakes working properly can't be overstated. It's not always just about oil changes. Safety should be everyone's concern. Because of this, automotive repair shops often take advantage of customers. It's all to easy to scare a customer by prematurely telling them they need new brake pads or rotors earlier than when they really do.
At Tire Express and Complete Auto Service you're going to get the honest truth on exactly where your brakes stand. New pads or new rotors will only be strongly recommended when its absolutely necessary for them to be replaced.
There will always be middle ground in the recommendation period. When that is the case we will make you know that as the customer. Our goal is honesty across the board, so you can make the best decision for both your safety and your wallet.
What is Involved With a Brake Job?
There's two main components to brakes jobs. The brake pads, and the rotors. Brakes work by compressing the pad into the rotor to create friction and slow the vehicle to a stop. Brake pads wear quicker than rotors, they are made of either ceramic, organic, or semi-metallic material. The rotors are made of steel and are connected to the wheels of the vehicle. When doing a brake job we look at all of these components to make sure they are functioning properly.
How Do I Know if I Just Need a Brake Job or Rotors Too?
New vehicles have a brake indicator light when its time to get them checked. Older vehicles have a metal clip that begins to make a high pitched squeal when you apply the brakes. This is the vehicles way of letting you know its time for new brake pads. If you feel like your brake pedal is squishy, its time to come in and get an inspection. If you have any concerns at all, its free for us to take a look at your brakes and make a recommendation. For more information on when you should get a brake job visit consumer report.
Rotors can be a little more subjective when it comes to the need for replacement. If they are worn too thin then its only a matter of time until something serious can happen. If you put new brake pads on but the rotor's are warped then the pads won't last as long as they should. You could be spending more money quicker than you anticipated.
&nbsp;

Frequently Asked Questions about Brake Jobs in Ocala:

How long are brake pads good for? Depending on your driving style, the type of brake pad, and your vehicle, they can last anywhere between 20,000 to 50,000 miles.

How long are rotors good for? Similar to brake pads, it depends on other factors, but rotors can be good for anywhere between 30,000 miles to 70,000.

Is it free to have my brakes inspected? Yes, and we don't just say yes to get you in the door to sell you. We will give you a honest assessment.

Call Now To Schedule an Appointment.