info@tireexpressandservice.com

car air conditioning recharge

There is nothing worse than going through an Ocala heat wave in the middle of summer and your vehicle's air conditioning isn't blowing cold. Over the years your car can lose an incremental amount of refrigerant that keeps your air from blowing as cold as it should. We can recharge your air conditioning with new refrigerant to keep you cool in the middle of that Florida heat.
How Do I Know If I Need To Recharge My Air Conditioner?
Most people wait to long. Its sort of like a frog in boiling water. Month by month your air blows just a little warmer and a littler warmer. People tend to forget just how cold their air used to blow! So the trick is to be mindful. Don't settle more mediocre air conditioning. That Ocala heat is too much in the summer to settle for anything other than icy cold air conditioning. A lot of people knock this out when they are getting a brake job, oil change, or even a tire rotation to save time!
What is Freon and Why Does it Need to be Recharged?
Freon actually absorbs the heat of the air inside your cabin. The air conditioning system transfer the heat out of the air using freon. Over time small leaks within this system can lead to your air conditioning system operating less effectively.
Sometimes a simple air conditioning recharge does the trick. If however after a recharge, it's only effective for a short time, that could mean you have larger leaks that need to be fixed. Edmunds guide has more details on recharging your air conditioning if you would like more info!

Frequently Asked Questions about Recharging Your Car's Air Conditioning:

When should I recharge my car's air conditioning? If you feel like your car isn't blowing cold as it used to. Then its time to consider getting your air conditioning recharged. 

What if I have larger leaks in my air conditioning system? If that's the case we can usually detect them. We can then address the fix with your permission.

How long does an air conditioning recharge take for my car? We can usually have you in and out within 30 minutues if you schedule an appointment.

Call Now To Schedule an Appointment.