/ Serious Service with a Personal Touch

Tire Express and Complete Auto Service in Ocala

When it comes to servicing or repairing your vehicle, reputation is everything. We pride ourselves on customer service, competitive pricing, and making sure the job gets done right. Whether you need a new set of tires, a rotation, a balance, an oil change, or something just isn't working right, we can help.

Tire Express Road Sign

Years of  Experience in Auto Repair

/ What We Provide Our Clients

Keeping your vehicle running smooth and safe is what we are all about. Our goal is for you to trust us with every detail of your car, truck, or fleets maintenance. Whether its tires, oil, brakes, A/C, transmissions, or C/V joints. We can keep your vehicle on the road and driving safe. For all of our services visit here.

Tire Balancing Machine

Keeping your tires rotated and balanced keeps your tires lasting longer and your drive smoother.

woman driving in cold air conditioning

Air not blowing as cold as it used to? Could be a leak or you could need some freon. We can help with that too.

Hear a squeak? Come in for a free brake inspection.

Keeping your filters clean, and your fluids changed, can make significantly add to the lifespan of your vehicle.

We can help you pick the right tire for your needs, most products are available same day. Have your own? Bring them in, we will install them for you.

We have the most advanced diagnostic tools available.

Don't take it from us. Read what some of our customers have had to say about using Tire Express and Complete Auto Service.

Tire Express did a phenomenal job putting a set of 35 inch off road tires on my new F-250. I special ordered them and had them delivered right to the shop. They didn't hesitate to help me out!

Owner of Heath Engineering

As a woman I feel like sometimes auto repair shops can take advantage of my inexperience when it comes to vehicles. I felt like I could completely trust Tire Express and Complete Auto Service. I recommend them to all my girlfriends.

Owner of Black Sheep Bar and Grill

I have a fleet of vehicles for my construction business. I wouldn't trust them with anyone other than these guys. Ben knows his stuff, he's honest and fair. If you have a fleet you really need to consider Tire Express and Complete auto Service.

Owner of JSC Construction

No job is too big for these guys. They replaced my semi truck tires, changed the oil and flushed the transmission. I dropped my truck off in the morning and they had it ready to go that day!

[trustindex no-registration=google]

When you use Tire Express and Complete Auto Service you can expect customer service, prompt work, and reliable workmanship.

Cost-Effective And Efficient

On Time Repair and Service

Large Off Road Tire Friendly

We Focus on Customer Satisfaction.

+352-421-5650 or tireexpressocala@gmail.com

Our team is dedicated to making sure we give you prompt, customer friendly, and quality service. With a combined level of experience over 50 years in the auto service and tire industry our management team has seen it all. 

tireexpressocala@gmail.com

Check out some of the common questions we get. If you don't see the answer you are looking for here, feel free to give us a call or shoot us an email at tireexpressocala@gmail.com

Will You Install Auto Parts That I Buy Myself?

That's not a problem. Whether its tires, wheels, or another part, we can just you just for the install time.

Why Does My Car Smell Musty When I Use the A/C ?

Its possible you need a new cabin filter! This is often overlooked. Your vehicles air conditioning system has a filter just for your cabin air.

Sure! We can do a patch to get you by.

How Do I Know That The Repairs Will Be Done Right?

Our mechanics are certified experts. We make sure the job is done correct. If you experience any issues we are always just a phone call away.

How Long Will The Repairs Take?

That's entirely up to the level of repair job we are doing. However our estimates are usually pretty accurate! We have a comfortable lobby, or you can leave your vehicle with us.

Do You Provide Towing?

We are partnered with local towing companies to get your vehicle to us.

Can I Leave My Vehicle Overnight?

Absolutely, our shop has 24/7 surveillance. Your vehicle is safe to stay with us overnight.

Do I Have To Make An Appointment?

No but its definitely recommended so we can give you quicker service and a better expectation of how long your repair may take.

Can I Just Get a Quote?

Sure thing, give us a call and we can quote tires or parts. If you're troublshooting we would need to diagnose the vehicle for a quote.

Do You Have Financing Options?

For certain items like tires or wheels, we do have affirm available .

Below is our process. Our goal is to give you a solid expectation of price, and of excellent service.

This gets you on our calendar.01

Drive it or tow it.02

Use our lounge or leave it with us.03

Our aim is a 5 star review.04

Check out our latest blog posts for tips, tricks, and news in the world of auto repair, maintenance and new tires!

We love serving fleets. Give us a call to see how we can help keep your fleet serviced and running well.

ocala heating and air