info@tireexpressandservice.com

Balancing your tires it was gives you a smooth riding vehicle. Rotating your tires ensures that you get even wear on all 4 tires throughout the lifespan of your tires. This is also ensures that you maintain a smooth ride. Tire balancing and consistent rotation go hand in hand. We never rotate a pair of tires without first checking to make sure they are balanced. We use a top of the line Coats tire balancer. 
How do I know When I Need to Balance My Tires?
If you feeling like you have a little bit of a wobble or a hop in a tire, it could be out of balance. Sometimes balancing weights can fall off, or curb impacts can knock them off. Additionally if a tire begins to wear unevenly it can affect the balancing of a tire. At Tire Express and Complete Auto Service we have the very best equipment to make sure your tires are perfectly balanced. Even for off road tires up to 35 or 37 inches we can make sure your tires are balanced to perfection.
When balancing a tire a small weight is attached to the wheel that counters any potential wobble in the spin of the tire. Our advanced balancer tells us exactly how much weight to use to ensure a perfect balance.
How do I Know When I Need to Rotate My Tires?
Its recommended that you rotate your tires every 6,000-8,000 miles of wear. However if you have off road tires its recommended that you rotated every 3,000-6,000 miles. This can significantly extend the lifespan of your tires by ensuring even wear. Remember, every time we rotate your tires, we check to make sure they are still balanced as well. Whenever you get a new set of tires we also balance them before install.
There are several patterns for how we rotate tires. Sometimes its front to back, and sometimes we cross them. It all depends on whether your vehicle, is front wheel drive, rear wheel drive, or all wheel drive. 
&nbsp;

Frequently Asked Questions about Tire Balancing and Rotation:

How big of a tire can you balance? We can balance a tire up to 37 inches.

Should I rotate my spare tire? If you have a full size spare, a 5 tire rotation is a great idea.

What if I just balanced my tires and a weight came off? If we did the balancing, we would be glad to get you corrected free of charge.

Call Now To Schedule an Appointment.