/ Our Introduction

When we started Tire Express and Complete Auto Service the goal was to make a business from the ground up dedicated to customer service. You won't get a big corporate vibe from our business. It's all about a personal touch, and making sure we accommodate the needs of our customers. We aren't a big box franchise. We are an Ocala Florida based business. Designed to serve the needs of our community. We don't have anyone out of town to answer to. Our specials, our service, and our prices are all controlled in house. 

Timely Service

Cost Effective

Expert Mechanics

Advanced Diagnostics

Conveniently Located

Fleet Friendly

+352-421- 5650

1708 E Silver Springs Blvd, Ocala FL, 34470

Tire Express Road Sign

tire express sign 2

Years of  Experience in Auto Repair

1_4,1_4,1_4,1_4

igni_counter_box

Brands of Tires

Happy Clients

Google Reviews

Years of Experience

/ Our Testimonials

Don't take it from us. Read what some of our customers have had to say about using Tire Express and Complete Auto Service.

Owner of Heath Engineering

igni_testimonial

Tire Express did a phenomenal job putting a set of 35 inch off road tires on my new F-250. I special ordered them and had them delivered right to the shop. They didn't hesitate to help me out!

Meigan Sardinia

Owner of Black Sheep Bar and Grill

As a woman I feel like sometimes auto repair shops can take advantage of my inexperience when it comes to vehicles. I felt like I could completely trust Tire Express and Complete Auto Service. I recommend them to all my girlfriends.

Owner of JSC Construction

I have a fleet of vehicles for my construction business. I wouldn't trust them with anyone other than these guys. Ben knows his stuff, he's honest and fair. If you have a fleet you really need to consider Tire Express and Complete auto Service.

Paul Facundas

Semi Truck Driver

No job is too big for these guys. They replaced my semi truck tires, changed the oil and flushed the transmission. I dropped my truck off in the morning and they had it ready to go that day!

/ Team Member

Our team is dedicated to making sure we give you prompt, customer friendly, and quality service. With a combined level of experience over 50 years in the auto service and tire industry our management team has seen it all. 

Owner and Manager

We love serving fleets. Give us a call to see how we can help keep your fleet serviced and running well.

1800 pest control

gator truck sales

prestige auto

ocala heating and air

=== IMAGES ===
